# ANovelComperhensiveWatermarkingSchemeForColorImages
https://doi.org/10.1155/2020/8840779
    Watermarking technology is commonly used to solve various problems in digital rights management and multimedia security. If a watermarking scheme with multiple purposes  applies single method, it will easily cause the destruction of the hidden messages in particular attacks. For the copyright protection and tamper detection of color images , this research proposed a robust-fragile watermarking scheme. The two different embedding schemes  embed the watermark into the R layer and G layer after NSST (Non-subsampled shearlet transform) and DWT (Discrete Wavelet Transform) transformation. The hash sequence generated by the R layer and the G layer is served as fragile watermarks and is embedded into the B layer by the LSB (least significant bit) method. Finally, an improved rotation correction is applied to better extract the watermark under the rotation attack. Experimental results show that the proposed method is more accurate than the existing ones in terms of rotation angle correction, and can effectively resist general attacks such as noise, filtering and JEPG compression. Moreover, the proposed fragile watermark can locate the tamper position when malicious tamper occurs. Except cropping attack, the true positive rate (TPR) reaches 1 for all attacks.
    
    We have proposed a multi-watermarking scheme for color images that resists common robust and geometric attacks and has the ability to tamper detection. The contributions of the proposed method are as follows:
1.	Two different embedding methods are applied to embed robust watermarks on different layers. In this way, when one watermark is damaged, the other can be extracted, increasing the robustness for the watermark.
2.	Robust watermarks combined with fragile ones meet the needs of copyright protection and tamper detection.
3.	The rotation correction method is improved via quad tree decomposition and data cleansing, which reduces the number of feature points and impact from individual error data.
